Add missing documentation for `fetchPolicy` option of `useMutation` (#8595)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/shared/mutation-options.mdx

For more information, see [Optimistic mutation results](/performance/optimistic-ui/).

</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>

###### `fetchPolicy`

> `FetchPolicy`
> </td>
> 
> <td>
> 
> Provide `no-cache` if the mutation's result should _not_ be written to the Apollo Client cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`"no-cache" | undefined`
</td>

<td>

Normally, mutation result objects are written into the Apollo Client cache, so any queries depending on those objects can update themselves accordingly. Provide the string `"no-cache"` if the mutation's result should _not_ be written to the cache.
```
The key change here is `"no-cache" | undefined` instead of `FetchPolicy`, but I thought I would add an explanation of the default behavior while I was at it. Feel free to tweak/edit/strike!

> Unlike queries, mutations do not support alternate [fetch policies](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/data/queries/#setting-a-fetch-policy) besides `no-cache`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike queries, mutations do not support alternate [fetch policies](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/react/data/queries/#setting-a-fetch-policy) besides `"no-cache"`. The default mutation `fetchPolicy` is like the `"network-only"` policy for queries.
```
This has me thinking the type of this option should really be `"network-only" | "no-cache"`, defaulting to `"network-only"`. It might be easier to explain why those are the only two options for mutations?
